We are here at the panorama condo.
a lot that has here in the municipality
of piracaia close to joanópolis where
sabesp is doing a work
monstrous dam to dam the water
and collect the rest you have on
jacarey river reservoir that is the
last reservoir this work is not
unauthorized persons are doing without
I'll zoom in and you'll get the
machines in the background and machines
working on the dam
then that water will not end
more water is impossible to have more water
so they will play through that
landfill here will collect this water more
that is on our left which is
the end of the reservoir reaches the volume
dead is two because the dead volume one
It's this quota that's here and it's more for
A little dry up there is near the
tunnel 7 from the dam here I already fell
so for the record, right, I 'm
showing you
No one took these pictures here I am.
getting here now right?
and to register with the machines back
another working there
then it is a dam to dam the water
bombs will be placed here and we will
cast this water from the flu and killed two ne
for it to be achieved is through
bombs they have thrown in dead volume
one for later
and on that rise because the bombs
sluices they are far above this
here is the end of the reservoir then
It's registered and for you.